Senior brother, Mao Li is in charge of her,
Then we took her with you,
It was us who killed her. Now we must not harm Xiaoxuan,
I don’t know anymore. For Lao Litou,
I started educating that female ghost. If I had known earlier,
We shouldn't have gone back then,
I have already gone there and have returned to this map many times.
Only through small selection can we be safe until now,
Are you saying that we are in trouble together?
It's not small, I'll be heartbroken immediately,
Then our inheritance of Qinyangguan,
Never pass. Since it’s a small choice,
I have been burdened with an empty destiny. How could it be that now,
do you still think
Because can Xiaoxuan help an ordinary person?
When will you?
Mr. Wang, what kind of pressure are you exerting, brother?
Xiao Xuan's matter is something you have decided to think about.
Even if I was in favor of saving old Li Tou back then,
He is your only easy way out
You can't just watch Yan Chengcheng
He must have been fucked by that female ghost
He ran away when I was a freshman
I will let him go this way
Wu Xiaoxuan I don’t want to do it next time
when he comes again
You still have to take risks to protect me
No small thing to protect yourself
You really thought it through, Daxuan
From now on
In other words, I raise monsters myself
The second is the book Three Generations of Heirs
Remember, my mother came here
Secrets and Blessings
Read it as soon as possible
I have the ability to protect myself and raise monsters myself.
The second is Brother Chen Xuan, the third generation descendant
Are you going to give it to Xiao Xuan?
Can't be served in one level
I want to spend more time than this festival
It's not enough to rely on us
There's nothing I can do about it
I wouldn't be able to survive this year, senior brother, no matter what.
Let me provide him with customer service
You are infinitely talented
Invite the Heavenly Master to come
division officer pressure preparation
But the ghost is unclear
You can't live without face Xiaoxuan
I'll send it back first
Let's rest first